README.md, before:

# Hodl

Kotlin Multiplatform project targeting Android, iOS and Desktop.

## Project Structure

This KMP project utilizes a modular architecture, combining traditional KMP module organization with
Clean Architecture principles and a package-by-feature structure for improved maintainability and scalability.

```
Hodl/
├── shared/                              // Code that's shared across KMP applications
│   └── src/
│       ├── commonMain/                  // Code that’s common for all targets
│       │   └── kotlin/com/digrec/hodl/
│       │       ├── HodlApp.kt           // Entry point for shared UI
│       │       ├── core/                // Core business logic, use cases, interfaces
│       │       │   ├── domain/
│       │       │   └── data/
│       │       ├── feature/             // Feature modules
│       │       │   ├── authentication/
│       │       │   │   ├── data/
│       │       │   │   ├── domain/
│       │       │   │   └── ui/          // UI Components, screens and ViewModels
│       │       │   ├── settings/
│       │       │   │    └── ...         // Same structure as authentication
│       │       │   └── ...
│       │       ├── di/                  // Dependency injection
│       │       ├── ui/                  // Shared UI components and theme
│       │       │   ├── component/
│       │       │   ├── theme/
│       │       │   └── util/
│       │       └── util/                // Shared utility functions
│       ├── androidMain/                 // Kotlin code compiled for Android platform
│       │   └── kotlin/com/digrec/hodl/
│       ├── iosMain/                     // Kotlin code compiled for iOS platform
│       │   └── kotlin/com/digrec/hodl/
│       └── desktopMain/                 // Kotlin code compiled for desktop platforms
│           └── kotlin/com/digrec/hodl/
├── androidApp/                          // Android app that depends on shared module
│   └── src/androidMain/
├── iosApp/                              // iOS app that depends on shared module
│   └── iosApp/
└── desktopApp/                          // Desktop app that depends on shared module
    └── src/desktopMain/
```

Learn more about [Kotlin Multiplatform](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/kotlin-multiplatform-dev/get-started.html)…

## How to run

Open the project in Android Studio or Fleet and run `androidApp`, `iosApp` or `desktopApp` run configuration.

Commit message:

chore: configure Release Please for automated versioning

README.md, after:

# Hodl

![version](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=version&message=1.0.0&color=blue) <!-- x-release-please-version -->

Kotlin Multiplatform project targeting Android, iOS and Desktop.

## Project Structure

This KMP project utilizes a modular architecture, combining traditional KMP module organization with
Clean Architecture principles and a package-by-feature structure for improved maintainability and scalability.

```
Hodl/
├── shared/                              // Code that's shared across KMP applications
│   └── src/
│       ├── commonMain/                  // Code that’s common for all targets
│       │   └── kotlin/com/digrec/hodl/
│       │       ├── HodlApp.kt           // Entry point for shared UI
│       │       ├── core/                // Core business logic, use cases, interfaces
│       │       │   ├── domain/
│       │       │   └── data/
│       │       ├── feature/             // Feature modules
│       │       │   ├── authentication/
│       │       │   │   ├── data/
│       │       │   │   ├── domain/
│       │       │   │   └── ui/          // UI Components, screens and ViewModels
│       │       │   ├── settings/
│       │       │   │    └── ...         // Same structure as authentication
│       │       │   └── ...
│       │       ├── di/                  // Dependency injection
│       │       ├── ui/                  // Shared UI components and theme
│       │       │   ├── component/
│       │       │   ├── theme/
│       │       │   └── util/
│       │       └── util/                // Shared utility functions
│       ├── androidMain/                 // Kotlin code compiled for Android platform
│       │   └── kotlin/com/digrec/hodl/
│       ├── iosMain/                     // Kotlin code compiled for iOS platform
│       │   └── kotlin/com/digrec/hodl/
│       └── desktopMain/                 // Kotlin code compiled for desktop platforms
│           └── kotlin/com/digrec/hodl/
├── androidApp/                          // Android app that depends on shared module
│   └── src/androidMain/
├── iosApp/                              // iOS app that depends on shared module
│   └── iosApp/
└── desktopApp/                          // Desktop app that depends on shared module
    └── src/desktopMain/
```

Learn more about [Kotlin Multiplatform](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/kotlin-multiplatform-dev/get-started.html)…

### Versioning

This project uses [Release Please](https://github.com/googleapis/release-please) for automated 
version management and changelog generation. 

Release Please:

- Automatically determines the next semantic version based on conventional commits
- Creates release PRs with version bumps and updated changelog
- Updates version badges and references throughout the codebase

To make a release:
1. Ensure all commits follow [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/) format 
(e.g., `feat:`, `fix:`, `docs:`, etc.)
2. The Release Please GitHub Action will automatically create a release PR when new conventional 
commits are pushed to the main branch
3. Once the release PR is merged, a new version will be published and tags will be created

For manual version overrides or additional release configuration, see the `release-please-config.json` 
file at the repository root.

## How to run

Open the project in Android Studio or Fleet and run `androidApp`, `iosApp` or `desktopApp` run configuration.
